README.md, before:

# genesis-web
This repository holds the various files and source code related to the Basingstoke Genesis science fiction club.

## Hosting
The web site is nominally hosted at https://genesis-sf.org.uk.

## Branches
Historically, the web site was designed by Antony Walls, then later modified by Matthew Greet. A current snapshot of that
original site will be stored in a separate branch called `orig`. Changes can be made there for inclusion in the web page
until the revamping is completed.

In the meantime, a `jekyll` branch will be used to hold changes related to the revamping of the web site. This will be done
using the static web site generate Jekyll. No specific time frame for this has been set, but it's where we'd like to go
moving forward. When the `jekyll` branch gets to a stable point, it will be applied to the `main` branch, and the hosted
web site will be updated to follow.

If you wish to contribute, please create your own personal branch off the appropriate `orig` or `jekyll` or `main` branches.
You will then need to generate a Pull Request and get approval before merging into one of those other branches.

Commit message:

Add history to README.md

README.md, after:

# genesis-web
This repository holds the various files and source code related to the Basingstoke Genesis science fiction club.

## Hosting
The web site is nominally hosted at https://genesis-sf.org.uk.

## A Little History
The Basingstoke Genesis Sci-fi club originally had a web site designed by Antony Walls. Management of the web site was later taken
over by Matthew Greet. It was designed and deployed in the early 2010's, and it hasn't really had much of a face-lift since then.
It doesn't look good on mobile devices. Also, it uses design choices that were cool and possibly even cutting-edge originally, but
now make the whole thing look stodgy and out of date.

To that end, a redesign has been in order for a while. A number of different people have looked at a number of different means
toward doing this. These include continuing a dynamic type of site with something like Wordpress, to a static type of site. For
the types of things that tend to be posted to the web site, it seems like a static site makes more sense. But rather than
try to reinvent the wheel and hand-tool all of it, a static site generator should take a lot of the sting out of building
the site.

To that end, a few different generators have been considered. For a while, [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) was considered, but it
seemed to have a few problems with its generation, and it felt like it was a bit more complicated than it needed to be with
fewer customisation abilities. The current thinking is to go with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). There is a `jekyll` branch
for those experiements.

If anybody wants to try a different technology (or give Hugo another try), please get in touch with the administrator about
setting up a different branch for you to experiment with.

## Branches
A snapshot of the current web site will be stored in a branch called `orig`. Any changes to the web site should be made there,
and once approved and merged, those will be manually published to the official web site.

In the meantime, a `jekyll` branch will hold changes related to the revamping of the web site. This will be done
using the static web site generator [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). No specific time frame for completing this work this has
been set, but it's where we'd like to go moving forward. When the `jekyll` branch gets to a stable point<sup>1</sup>, it will be applied
to the `main` branch, and the hosted web site will be updated to follow.

If you wish to contribute, please create your own personal branch off the appropriate `orig` or `jekyll` or `main` branches.
You will then need to generate a Pull Request and get approval before merging into one of those other branches.

---
<sup>1</sup> The definition of _stable point_ for any particular branch will be decided by the Genesis committee.
